作曲 : Mathers(Jackson,Jackson,Mon
你会好起来的，孩子，你会好起来的
作词 : Mathers(Jackson,Jackson,Mon
你会好起来的，孩子，你会好起来的
You're gonna be okay, kid. You're gonna be okay.
你会好起来的，孩子，你会好起来的
Is everything not enough?
难道倾其所有还不够吗？
What more can I give up?
我还能让弃什么？
Is there anyone that I can trust?
还有谁我可以信任的？I give you my all and you still take from me
我把一切都给了你，你却还向我索取
Always been the type of dude that'll feed my clique
我是一个自己养活自己的男人
I know that without you fans I ain't shit but y'all better read my lips
我知道没有你们粉丝我什么都不是，但是你们最好好好听我说的
I don't spit raps that's ill for you to just hack and steal
我唱说唱不是让你们剽窃的
And leak my shit so get my drift
更不是让你们泄露我的音乐然后得到我该得的回报
I hope y'all don't think y'all helping me out and that shit, that shit's stressing me out
我希望你们不要以为这样偷窃我的成果是在帮我，这种屁事让我压力山大
Nickle-nine is blowing up, Christmas time you should hang my album
听到这话的nickle-nine 火冒三丈，圣诞节你最好把我的专辑挂起来
On top of your fireplace cause around that time my stocking is going up
挂在你的壁炉顶端，因为在那时我的长筒袜会塞得更满
Feels like a victory bitter-sweet
感觉成功的感觉苦甘参杂
It's bigger I get the bigger the wedge
我越成功，我和我和兄弟的嫌隙却越来越大
Between the relationship of me and my bigger bro, hear what I said
听我说的吧
Feels like this shit was wished on me, everything I do for the nigga
感觉这种越成功和朋友之间就越矛盾的屁事已经洗劫了我，，我做的每件事都是为了那个兄弟
And the nigga know I would do anything for him
那个兄弟也知道我会为了他做一切
But the nigga refuse to straight shitting on me
但那个兄弟却拒绝坦率的和我谈谈
Keeping your distance, probably best
保持你的距离，也许这样才是最好的。。
If you don't wanna fuck with me but you know me
如果你不想和我混了。。但你了解我
Probably best, fuck pity, you want that? ? You know it's like …. chest
也许这样最好了。去他妈的同情，你想要同情吗？你知道，你就是为了钱。。
Tough titty, the problem's you got a problem, you think that I'm already set
让人悲哀的是，问题就在于你有问题，你却觉得我已经对你固执己见
So I'mma look down on you, just be proud of me, you already got my respect
好吧，我瞧不起你，那你以我为豪吧，你已经有了我的尊敬
I ain't trying to say something I regret
我没打算说些让我后悔的事情
So I'mma just stop chasing the pain
所以我打算停止说些伤心事了
Let you deal with the fact that we don't get along cause I got a big face in the game
让你自己处理我们合不来而我在这个游戏中更出名的事实
Sometimes I feel like fuck my life
有时我感觉我的生活真操蛋
I fuck with a few niggas that I know if my chick was the shady ho
我和一些所谓的兄弟混，而且我知道一旦我的女人像shady的女人一样
Niggas wouldn't think twice before they fucked my wife
那些黑鬼会毫不犹豫的草我的女人
Guess that's the difference in friends and associates
我猜这就是好兄弟和共事者的区别
I done been broke, I done been through the motions
我受够了穷困潦倒，我受够了迁徙不定
I don't pay no attention to birds, I use my scope and I tend to the vultures
我不关注那些像小鸟样的无能小人，我用我的宽阔视野打算成为天空中的秃鹰
No one ever blows up your phone just to talk
没有人打电话给你只是为了谈谈心
I don't make money just to loan it to y'all
我也不是挣钱就是为了借钱给你们
Tell a nigga that then you wilding
告诉了别人这件事，你就开始发疯似的说个不停。。
It's like dialing and then talking to a hole in the wall
就像我对牛弹琴似的。。
Please look at these expenses, these things is expensive
看这些我的开销。。这些玩音乐的器材真的很贵。。
If I gotta lend you money every time I see you
如果我每次见你都得借你钱
Just to be your friend bitch I don't really need your friendship
就为了成为你所谓的朋友，那么去他妈的，我真的不需要你的所谓友谊
Is everything not enough?
难道倾其所有都不够吗？
What more can I give up?
我还能让弃什么？
Is there anyone that I can trust?
还有谁我可以相信的？
I give you my all and you still take from me.
我给你了一切，你却还对我不停索取
And I give, and I give
然后我不断给予，不断给予
And you take, and you take
你不断拿了又索取
And you just walk away without nothing to say
然后你离开了连个屁都不说。。
You just take from me (ay ay)
你只懂向我索取
You just take from me (ay ay)
你只懂向我索取
I live in the public, I struggle with the fame
我在公众视线下生存，我带着名气不断斗争
Trouble is the pain grows double, give a fuck what you say
痛苦不断加深，我还会在意你tm说什么吗？
When my music you take you take so subtle , just to give it away
你阴险狡猾的偷走了我的音乐，就为了泄露出去
To people who don't even appreciate flows ,motherfucker, I'm livid today
我告诉你们那些不懂flow的sb们，我tm很愤怒
As I break my back to give you my art, you steal my thoughts
我拼尽一切杀出血路来给你我的作品，你却剽窃我的想法
It's like driving a spike through my heart
这就像穿刺我呕血的心脏
You might not think it's not that big of a deal to steal from me
你可能觉得剽窃我的作品没啥大不了的
But music's all I got
但音乐是我的一切啊
Aside from a daughter, not to sound like a martyr
除了我的女儿之外。我没打算听起来像个烈士
But it's getting harder than I thought
但这条音乐的历险之路对我而言比我想得更难
To not just go crazy crazy, trapped in this house I'm about to just snap
没打算发疯，但我困在这个屋子里我真的要痛斥那些事情了
And I might not deserving of what I got to, did I not work for it?
而且也许我配不上我得到的名气或者财富什么的，但是难道这些不是我辛苦奋斗来的吗？
Put it all in every record I record
我把我的一切都放进了我录的歌里
Well then please tell me why on the ? happen and I keep rapping
那么，请告诉我，为什么还是有低谷的宿命呢？我不断说唱着
But I wonder sometimes is it worth all the bullshit
但我有时在想，为了说唱，值得我遇到这么多狗屁事么？
Cause it feels like I'm down there ain't no getting up from but I won't let it get me down
因为我感觉有时候我真的起不来了，但是我不愿让这些把我打倒
But I won't let it get me down, I won't succumb like many think
我也不会向很多人那样想的屈服
SO FUCK THEM
所以去他们妈的吧
They'll appreciate me when I'm gone, they say it was ill, right?
当我离开时，他们会欣赏我，他们会改口说我的说唱碉堡了，不是吗？
The way I kill mics? But the way i feel right now?
他们说我驾驭麦克风的感觉霸气无比，但我现在的感觉呢？
It just feels like I'm so done with this shit I might as well wipe
就好像我玩透了说唱玩到想吐，我想抹去一切重新开始
I have nothing else to give you, nothing left to contribute
我已经没有什么好给你们的，也没什么好奉献的了
Farewell I bid you, but before I go, my last gift to you
我和你们礼貌告别，但在我走之前，我最后送你们一份大礼
Ladies and gentleman, Slaughterhouse I give you!
女士们和先生们，屠宰场（双关eminem带着的团队）是我给你们的
Everything not enough
倾其所有了也不够
What more can I give up?
我还能让弃什么呢？
Is there anyone that I can trust?
就没有我能相信的人么？
I give you my all and you still take from me
我给了你们所有，可是你们还是不断向我索取
And I give, and I give
我不断给予，不断满足你们
And you take, and you take
然后你们不断的拿走，继续贪婪索取
And you just walk away without nothing to say
然后你们走了，一句感谢的话都不说
You just take from me (ay ay)
你们只会索取
You just take from me (ay ay)
你们只会索取