Some days I just wanna up and call it quits,
有时候我也想就此放弃,
I feel like i'm surrounded by a wall of bricks,
四面是墙,哪里是出路?
Every time I go to get up I just fall in pits,
每次刚有起色又马上被打落谷底,
My life's like one great big ball of shit,
活的得就像一坨狗屎.
If I could just put it all in to all I spit,
如果我能把这一切都rap出来,
Instead I always try to swallow it,
而不是忍气吞声,Instead of staring at this wall and shit,
对着这些狗屎发呆.
While I sit writers block sick of all this shit,
但是我毫无灵感,受够了这些狗屎,
Can't call it shit, all I know is I'm about to hit the wall,
却对它们无从下笔.我想我就要一头撞死在墙上
If I have to see another one of mom's alcoholic fits,
如果再看到老妈烂醉的疯狂,
This is it, last straw, that’s all, that’s it,
压死我的最后一根稻草,就是这个,
I ain't dealing with another fucking politic,
再也不想去处理另一段这样烦恼的感情
I'm like a skillet bubbling, till it filters up,
这愤怒就像是煎锅上起的泡泡,受热爆炸,
I'm about to kill it, I can feel it building up,
我能感受到它在膨胀,我要释放它,
Blow this building up, I've concealed enough,
烧了这栋破房子,然后跑路吧(八英里剧情),
My cup run'ith over I've done and filled it up,
我想我已经到了极限,不能再受一丁点打击了,
The pen explodes and busts and ink spills my guts,
我用力压笔,墨水漾开,我的愤怒溢出,
You think all I do is stand here and feel my nuts,
你以为我只是站在台上,像个傻逼,
But I'm a show you, what, you gonna feel my rush,
我会让你知道我生气的后果很严重!
You dont feel it then it must be to real to touch,
你听不懂我的说唱,你还差得远呢~
Build a dutch, I'm about to tear shit up,
点只雪茄提提神吧,因为老子要开始唱了!
Goosebumps, yeah I'm a make your hair sit up,
对,起鸡皮疙瘩就对了!我就是要把你们惊呆,
Yeah sit up, I'm a tell you who I be,
对,坐好来,我要让你知道我是谁!
I'm a make you hate me cause you ain't me,
然后你会恨自己不如我.
You wait, it ain't to late to finally see,
别急~那觉悟来的不会太晚,
What you close minded fucks were to blind to see,
目光短浅如你根本想不到:
Whoever finds me, is gonna get a finders fee,
我的才能就是一座金矿等着发光(我们都知道Dr. Dre就是伯乐识马),
Out this world and ain't no one out their mind as me,
这世界上还有谁像我这样直白?
You need peace of mind, here's a piece of mine,
我一开口就能让你静下来
All I need's a line but sometimes,
不用太多废话，一句就够了(need a line:双关,也指吸一口2333).只是有时候
I dont always find the words to rhyme,
我总是想不出词(He's chock out),
To express how i'm really feeling at that time,
来形容那时候自己的感受,
Yeah sometimes, sometimes, sometimes, just sometimes,
对,sometimes,sometimes,sometimes,满脑子就是sometimes这个词,
It's always me, how dark can these hallways be,
我总是那么窘迫,通往舞台的那条长廊能有多黑暗?
The clock strikes midnight, 1, 2, then half past 3,
每次半夜里钟声不断敲响,1点,2点,3点半,
This half ass rhyme with this half ass piece of paper,
一团糟的纸上都是一团糟的歌词,
I'm desperate at my desk if I could just get the rest,
我趴在桌子上几近绝望,要是自己能专心下来就好了,
Of this shit off my chest, again, stuck in this slump,
忘了那些破事儿,陷入泥沼,
Can't think of nothing, fuck I'm stumped,
又不能放弃挣扎,靠,真他妈难,
But wait here comes something,
等一下,好像有灵感了!
Nope, it's not good enough, scribble it out, new pad,
然并卵,扔了吧!
Crinkle it up and throw that shit out,
挑这个还是那个?这些狗屎都扔了吧!
I'm fizzling now thought I had figured it out,
真特么无语啊,我总以为自己碉堡了,
Ball's in my court but I'm scared to dribble it out,
但是在我的比赛我的球权,我却不敢进攻,
But I'm afraid, but why am I afraid, why am I a slave to this trade,
我到底是在怕什么(I'm not afraid to take a stand),为什么我被一场Battle奴役?
Sionide I'll spit to the grave, real enough to rile you up,
明明我的rap有毒,让你们这一张张死人脸回春
Want me to flip it I can rip it any style you want,
想要切歌,老子就是一台人肉点唱机.
I'm a switch hitter bitch, Jimmy Smith ain’t a quitter,
我这种全能选手(switch hitter:二刀流),怎么会临阵脱逃?
I'm a sit here till I get enough,
我只是等着能量槽蓄满...
For me to finally hit a fucking boiling point,
呵,到那个时候:
Put some oil in your joints,
给你的老胳膊老腿上点油,准备跑路吧
Flip the coin bitch come get destroyed,
掷硬币开始吗?傻逼,急着受死吗!
An MC's worst dream I make them tense they hate me,
我可是MC们的噩梦,我会把他们吓尿
See me and shake like a chain-link fence,
他们恨我,看到我就像风中颤栗的铁丝网,
By the looks of them you would swear Jaws was coming,
看他们的脸色你还以为是大白鲨来了,
By the scream of them you would swear i'm sawing someone,
听他们的尖叫你还以为是我在肢解他们,
By the way they running you would swear the law was coming,
看他们在逃跑你还以为是条子来了,
It's now or never and tonight It's all or nothing,
不多说,You only got one shot !
Momma, Jimmy keeps leaving on us, he said he'd be back,
Lily说:妈妈,Jimmy一直不回家,他说过他会回来!
He pinky promised, I dont think he's honest,
他和我拉过勾,但我知道那是撒谎.
I be back baby I just got to beat this clock,
我会回来的,宝贝,等我赢了这场battle,然后回去上完夜班.(八英里剧情)
Fuck this clock, I'm a make them eat this watch,
去他妈的时间限制,我要让他彻底哑火!
Don't believe me watch, I'm a win this race,
不信你就看着,这不是龟兔赛跑,赢的会是兔子(这句6不6)!
and I'm a come back and rub my shit in your face,
然后老子凯旋而归,检阅你们那一脸吃屎的表情.
Bitch, I found my niche, you gonna hear my voice,
老子已经成竹在胸,你们只要卯起耳朵听就好!
Till you sick of it you ain't gonna have a choice,
你的耳朵起茧之前,你都不会想再听其他的垃圾了~
If I gotta scream till I have half a lung,
如果给我一个麦,我就会唱到力竭!
If I have half a chance I grab it, rabbit run.
如果给我一个机会,我就会抓紧不放——兔子,快跑!