PART 1 （Im Loyal To The Game by Tupac）
Remix第一段（吾，强者归来）。
I'm loyal to the game (I'm loyal to the game I'm loyal to the game )
Remix第一段（吾，强者归来）。
They know Im still coming up
对手知道我将回归。
Although Im young I've been movin these things since the days of elementar
总角之年，饱经世故
There ain't a cop that can stop me
捕头岂能抓住王
My posse is cocked dick and they don't quit until they drop me
习惯性地露出我的勃起，捕快们不抓住我誓不罢休。I'm loyal to the game(they know Im still coming up)
我是虔诚的rapper（他们知道我将归来，暗示其他rapper害怕Tupac的rap）
Although Im young I've been movin these things since the days of elementary
总角之年，饱经世故。
There ain't a cop that can stop me
没有捕头能阻挡我。
My posse is cocked dick, and they don't quit until they drop me
习惯性地露出我的勃起，捕快们不抓住我誓不罢休
PART 2 (Drop The World,.by Eminem feat Lil Wayne)
Remix第二段（Drop The World,.by Eminem feat Lil Wayne）
I'm loyal to the game
吾乃饶舌的信徒
these walls are closin' in, this roof is cavin' in
吾室顷颓
Up it's time to raise it, then Your days are numbered like pages in
时日无几，吾辈何不拼一波？
My book of rhymes. Got 'em cooking, boy
我的押韵，比毒品还上瘾。
This crooked mind of mines got 'em all shook
我的脑洞吓得他们瞠目结舌，
And scared to look in my eyes
不敢直视我的双眼。
I stole that fucking clock; I took the time
（就像）我拿起闹钟，就以为我掌控时之沙。
And I came up from behind and pretty much snuck up,And butt-fucked this game up
我绕后而来，爆ju般把饶舌圈干翻。
Better be careful when you bring my name up,Fuck this fame, that ain't what I came to claim
提我大名时请多加谨慎，我不在意名声的，（所以小心我找你麻烦。）
But the game ain't gonna be the same on the day that I leave it
反正饶舌界离不开我的。
But I swear, one way or another
反正我发过誓
I'ma make these fucking haters believe it
我要让喷子和仇人们明白
I swear to God, won't spare the rod
我虽也向上帝祈祷，但是我动手的时候（也会对你们毫无怜悯）
I'm a man of my words so your fucking heads better nod
我言出必行所以你们赶快服软。
Or I'ma fuck around in this bitch and roast everybody
我打趴这只然后再来找你们。
Sleep on me, that pillow is where your head'll lie
和我睡？你躺下就会被爆头。
Permanently, bitch, it's beddy-bye
婊砸，永远睡觉觉吧！
This world is my Easter egg, yeah, prepare to die!
这就是我的彩蛋，哈哈，迎接死亡吧！
My head is swole, my confidence is up,this stage is my pedestal
我光芒万丈，舞台就是神像阿姆的底座。
I'm unstoppable, Incredible Hulk, You're trapped in my medicine ball
现在我是大杀特杀的绿巨人，你们是被我饶舌丸控制住的可怜虫。
I could run circles around you so fast,Your fucking head'll spin, dog
我饶的飞快，你的狗头点到断。
I'll split your cabbage and your lettuce and olives, I'll fucking
特么地我要杀人夺命！操！
PART3 repeat part1 Loyal To The Game by Tupac
Remix第三段（Loyal To The Game by Tupac 重复第一段）
Im still coming up
我要回归了。
Although Im young I've been movin these things since the days of elementary
总角之年，饱经世故。
There ain't a cop that can stop me
闪电侠也挡不住我。
My posse is cocked dick and they don't quit until they drop me
习惯性地露出我的勃起，捕快们不抓住我誓不罢休。
I'm loyal to the game Im still coming up
我是rapper中的超人（即将归来）
although Im young I've been movin these things since the days of elementary
总角之年，饱经世故。
There ain't a cop that can stop me
蝙蝠侠也挡不住我。
My posse is cocked dick, and they don't quit until they drop me
习惯性地露出我的勃起，捕快们不抓住我誓不罢休。
PART4 Loyal To The Game by Tupac
Remix第四段（Loyal To The Game by Tupac）
Now I've got task, on a nigga's ass, tell me will they blast me?
我现在在他们屁股上有个想法，你觉得他们想打我吗？
I think of an alias in case these crooked bitches ask me,Now
想起来几个吸毒的朋友告诉我，
it's gettin crazy after dark, these NARC's
这些 缉毒刑警越查越严。
Be like,tryin to shut me down but I'm too smart
因为我太睿智就想打倒我？
Now picture me scared of the penitentiary
现在就描述我在监狱中被打得落花流水， 摇尾乞怜？
I've been movin these things since the days of elementary
总角之年，饱经世故。
Now tell me what you need when you see me
看到我就快求我来为你清空购物车。
I'm stackin G's, buyin all the things on TV, believe me
我拿电视就可以搞到任何东西
I got some killers on my payroll, and they know
包括杀手也一样。他们懂我要做什么
When it's time to handle business, nigga lay low
做生意的时候，就放到敌人。
Although I'm young, I'm still comin up
总角之年，吾颂圣歌。
I'm gettin paid, pullin razors on niggaz when they runnin up The first to pull a strap when there's drama
就像剧本写好的，谁先跑我就拿着钱做事，把他绑起来请他吃刀。
busta you ain't heard?
Busta Rhymes你不知道？
I've been slicin motherfuckers since I lost my mama
丧母后我就有点迷失自我。
There ain't a cop that can stop me
绿箭侠还想螳臂当车？
My posse is cocked dick, and they don't quit until they drop me
习惯性地露出我的勃起，捕快们不抓住我誓不罢休。
I'm loyal to the game
我忠于饶舌，虔诚无比。
PART5 (repeat 1st part)
Remix第五段（重复第一段）
Im still coming up
我已归来！
Although Im young I've been movin these things since the days of elementary
总角之年，饱经世故。
（I`m loyal to the...）There ain't a cop that can stop me
我已归来！（复仇者联盟也挡不住我）
My posse is cocked dick and they don't quit until they drop me
我露出勃起，条子们捕不到我依旧不罢休。
I'm loyal to the game (Im still coming up)
我是饶舌界的甘地。（我王者归来）
Although Im young I've been movin these things since the days of elementary
总角之年，饱经世故。
There ain't a cop that can stop me
我已五杀 ！！
My posse is cocked dick and they don't quit until they drop me
我露出勃起，条子们捕不到我依旧不罢休。
I'm loyal to the game
我就是 饶舌之王！Rap God！
When I came into the game, they ain't do nuttin' but doubt me
我刚饶舌时，完全没人鸟我。
PART6 （Grew Up A Screw Up by Ludacris）
Remix第六段（（Grew Up A Screw Up by Ludacris））
Now the whole game's changed and it ain't nuttin' without me
现在我改变了饶舌，谁还敢不服我？
Pickin' up my sloppy seconds as they reach for the crown
他们想要争第一的时候就拿出我的黑暗事迹大肆宣传。
Only reason you on that song is 'cause I turned that down
你上了榜单只是因为我关掉了榜单，哈哈！
I went from Hot Wheels to big wheels
从无名小生到成名大腕。
Hyundais to BentleysAnd five course meals, no more Popeye's and Blimpy'
现代换成宾利，吃正餐，没有什么鬼的大力水手和毕灵普。
From alright to handsome, from one room to mansions
从一般般到颜值代表，从单间到住摩天大厦。
From hangin' on the block to throwin' parties in the Hampton's
从街头无所事事到汉普顿开爬梯。
From broke as a joke to rich as a bitch
从穷的想到小丑到现在富得流油。
I bought a plane and a boat and six other whips,No Marta
一架飞机一艘船六辆车，不再坐公交
from dice on the curb to stackin' up chips
曾经我的收入只有赌金，现在如今音乐生涯让我把钱堆起来玩
But harder from birds on my nerves to chicks on my dick,Guard your
从害羞男孩变成花花公子，兄弟，看好你的女人！
women, dawg,
女人
I went from ashy to classy
从小白到SSSSSSSR大腕
Went from a
去
kiss on the cheek to doin' the nasty
从小保健到现在海天盛筵（因为我有的是钱）
Reach your hand up in the air and you can play with the stars
把手放在空中甩，星星就会在你手边飞，就看你是否努力。
It's not the hand that you're dealt
打牌时手气不是重点
But how you're playin' your cards! BOY
小伙子，你的人生才是你要走好的下一步棋。